[♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
Anastasia?
Stop.
Cuff yourself to the bedpost.
Don't bother.
[CHUCKLES]
[GUN THUDS]
You look good. Healthy.
Pale, though.
I think maybe you
live on the East Coast.
For years I've been
thinking, "Where is she?
Is she close or
half the world away?
Is she still nervous
when it thunders?
Does she remember our
walks in Coney Island?
Getting borscht from Alexa's?"
They're all there,
every last one.
And what do you want
in exchange for this?
Just let me go.
He found you
faster than I thought.
He did in one week
what I failed to do in 15 years.
True love, huh? Ha, ha.
Just take the diamonds
and consider me dead.
Or what?
You've only given
me half of what I want.
I want him.
I can't do that.
If you could, you would be free.
Your word?
My word.
Now, how are you
going to get away?
There's something
else in the bag for you.
[GASPS THEN CHUCKLES]
[IN UKRAINIAN]
[KISSES]
Bye, Daddy.
[♪♪]
[HORN HONKING]
[CHATTERING]
MAN 1: Say "champ." Say
"champ." MAN 2: Champ!
Banshee, PA! What's up, baby?
What can you tell
us about this fight?
What can I tell you about...?
I can tell you'd better...
This fight will cement your
credibility with the commission.
Give me another week,
and I'll have us cleared
to break ground on the hotel.
I must admit I had
my doubts, Kai,
but you pulled it off.
It's our casino. We're
putting up the purse.
He was just the middleman.
BENJAMIN: Alex, enough.
SANCHEZ: The champ is in the
building, ladies and gentlemen.
The champ is in the building.
Mr. Sanchez, Kai Proctor.
Welcome to Banshee.
Glad to be here.
This is Benjamin Longshadow.
His tribe runs the Kinaho Moon.
Chief. It's an honor
to have you here.
Alex Longshadow. Oh. Hey.
Mr. Sanchez, if you
would do us the honor,
a few shots with the
casino in the background.
Man, of... Come
on, man, of course.
MAN 4: Right this way.
Mr. Proctor, Douglas
Dern, Damien's manager.
We spoke on the phone.
We did. Pleasure to meet you.
You said the place was
old. You didn't say ancient.
The Kinaho feel a powerful
connection to their past.
In the case of the Kinaho Moon,
a little too powerful,
in my opinion.
I would have preferred to
have the new casino built
before we hosted Mr. Sanchez,
but rest assured
the money is real.
Yeah, it had better be.
SANCHEZ: He's gonna
look worse soon, I promise.
Nice casino. Not bad.
[SLOT MACHINES DINGING]
Not bad at all.
[POWER TOOL WHIRRING]
There it is, baby.
That's where I do my thing.
KAI: This way, Mr. Sanchez.
You don't approve.
The hotel. The revenue it will
earn should be for our people.
We shouldn't be including
a man like Proctor.
A man like that gets
things done quickly.
We're building something
that will sustain our
tribe for years to come.
When I go to the spirits,
I want to have seen
the start of it all.
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
Are you sure you
wouldn't prefer a hotel?
It's a quick call. I can have
you in the presidential suite.
No, no, no. My trailer
goes wherever I go.
I don't like to be too
pampered before a fight.
Besides, there'll be
plenty of time for that
after I put Hollister's
noose up there.
As agreed.
Thank you.
I think I like this town.
We also made some
improvements on your bedroom.
I think you'll be pleased.
WOMAN: ♪ Amazing Grace ♪
♪ How sweet... ♪
Now I know I like this town.
♪ That saved a wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ I once was lost ♪
♪ But now am found ♪
♪ Was blind ♪
♪ But now I see ♪
♪ 'Twas Grace That taught... ♪
You have the department's
deepest sympathies.
Mrs. Schumacher,
I'm so, so sorry.
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry, ma'am.
GORDON: Sheriff Hood.
Gordon.
Hi, Deva.
Pretty tough day for everyone.
Yep.
Say, why don't you join
us for dinner tonight?
Nothing fancy. I'm just
gonna grill out some burgers.
Oh, honey, you know...
LUCAS: That sounds great.
Thanks, Gordon.
Why don't we say about 6?
Sure. See you there.
Good.
So how do you like
your burger, sheriff?
Uh, medium rare, thanks.
Can I see your gun? Yeah, sure.
No. Thank you. You
don't need to see his gun.
GORDON: Hon, why don't you,
uh, grab the sheriff another beer?
I'll get it, Mom.
LUCAS: Thanks. DEVA: Yeah.
DEVA: Here you go. Thank you.
DEVA: Yep.
So, Deva, how are you doing?
I don't know.
I still can't believe it.
It takes some time.
[MAX COUGHING]
Deva, would you go
get... Yeah. Hold on, Maxie.
Nice and deep, bubba.
DEVA: You okay?
That's the way.
DEVA: You good?
What's wrong with
him? It's been happening
since he was a toddler.
LUCAS: Is he...? Is he okay?
He has good days and bad days.
Huh.
Hey, Max, why don't you go ahead
and touch the gun,
just for a second.
Yeah. Ha, ha.
GORDON: Sheriff, we never
got a chance to thank you
for pulling Deva out of
that mess the other night.
Ah. So how did the
arraignments go?
Well, all the men you arrested
identified this guy Hanson,
but apparently he's long gone.
And either they don't
know or won't talk about
where the skulls came from.
It's not that I can't guess.
Whores, gambling, drugs.
All crooked roads in
Banshee lead to one man,
and that's Kai Proctor.
I'll get us some
more drinks, eh?
LUCAS: Great.
Alone at last.
Shut up.
What happened?
Heavy bag workout.
Unh, not unless it
was a bag of bones.
Ana...
it's me.
Mm, no, you're different.
How?
You used to be kind.
[SCOFFS]
You know,
you get locked up,
forgotten about for 15 years,
see how kind
you feel after that.
Now, I know you're angry, but...
Angry?
You have no fucking idea.
GORDON: Hey,
where are you going?
Uh, I got a call.
Thanks for the food.
[BLUES MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Look, um, you
wanna talk about it?
[CHUCKLES]
Drinking alone?
To keeping secrets.
Hey, um...
Rebecca.
I think you should go home.
[BOTH MOANING]
No, you don't.
[GRUNTING]
What, are you saving
yourself for someone?
[PANTING]
Rebecca, we can't...
Shut up.
Look, you told me to call
if she came back again.
Well, she's back.
Hi, Uncle Kai.
Don't you think you're
getting a little too old
for this rebel streak of yours?
That's rich coming from you.
Whatever you may think, my
choices have cost me dearly.
Yeah. You're really hurting.
My mother lives just
10 miles away from me.
I haven't seen or spoken
to her in over 20 years.
My father, when I run into him,
won't even fucking look at me.
My sister, your mother,
denies I even exist.
Yeah, well, that's why
they call it being shunned.
[SPEAKS IN PENNSYLVANIA DUTCH]
[SIGHS]
You can't begin to
understand how alone I am.
I've lost count of
the people I hurt,
and still I hurt
people every day.
You have no idea what
that does to you inside.
It's like a blade in your belly
that has gradually
scraped you raw.
I'm not buying it, uncle.
You have everything
you've ever wanted.
You're free.
Why don't you just admit
that you like being bad?
Do you realize
no one else can
talk to me like that?
You're the only person
who isn't scared of me.
The only one.
I'll drive you home.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[CROWD CHEERING]
MAN 1: I want to welcome
our Camp Genoa Marines
to view a private sparring
session with the champ.
MAN 2: Ladies and gentlemen,
let me introduce a man
who needs no introduction.
Two-time cruiserweight
champion of the world,
honorary referee for
this weekend's fight,
Banshee's own Sugar Bates!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Now, a special
gift for Mr. Sanchez
from our sponsors at
Stark-Himmel Timepieces:
a solid gold watch with a
one-of-a-kind diamond bezel
designed especially
for the champ.
This is yours. Wear it well.
Got my invitation for the
cocktail party tomorrow
and the fight on Saturday?
LUCAS: I did.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Hey, listen, man, I wanna give
a semper fi to all my jarheads
from Banshee's Camp
Genoa. ALL: Ooh-rah!
Seems like you're
always hosting something.
All right. Y'all ready to
see me whip some ass?
ALL: Yeah!
You just came in
to see him train?
No. Actually, I came to see you.
[GRUNTING]
You heard about the
Schumacher boy OD'ing, right?
Yeah, I did. It's terrible.
[CROWD SHOUTING]
Proctor, you told
me you had a talent
for resolving problems
here in Banshee.
I was kind of hoping you
could help me with this one.
I found these in the
dead boy's pocket.
The kids call them "skulls."
You ever seen
pills like that before?
Are you asking
me or accusing me?
Heh. Why, I'm asking you, Kai.
Just don't play
games with me, sheriff.
I'm well aware of
Mayor Kendall's agenda.
This has nothing
to do with Kendall.
The boy means
well, but he's an idiot.
On that at least I'm
sure we can agree.
So if you'll excuse me...
I'm busy trying to bring
good things to Banshee.
Thanks for your time.
ALL: Oh!
[GRUNTING]
[CROWD CHEERING AND SHOUTING]
Asshole. What?
You gotta watch me.
If you blink, it's over.
He didn't have to
hit him that hard.
They're just sparring.
SANCHEZ: Damn,
I'm out of partners.
MAN: Right here!
Sarge will take you on!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[ALL SHOUTING]
Hey, hey, hey. Ahem. 5-0.
Yeah, sheriff.
You want a shot at the title?
Huh? You can't
throw a few punches?
[CROWD BOOING]
Go easy on him. I'd
be scared of me too.
MAN: You're the champ!
SANCHEZ: The sheriff too smart.
He don't wanna step in the ring.
He don't want none of this.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hey. Can you come here?
Hey, hey. Hey, doll.
How you doing? What's
your name? Chloe.
Hey, uh, Chloe, can you bring
me a bottle of champagne?
Sure. I'll be right back.
No, doll. Can you
bring it to my trailer?
Say, tonight around 11?
[GASPS]
All right, Mr. Sanchez.
SANCHEZ: All right, Chloe.
All right.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
MAN: Come on in.
SANCHEZ: Hmm.
Must be 11.
CARRIE: They're all there.
Just take them and go.
You can start a
new life somewhere.
You deserve that
after everything
you've been through.
[GRUNTING]
You think you can buy me off?
Huh?
You listen to me.
I'm not going anywhere.
So take your fucking
diamonds and get out.
[CHLOE GIGGLES]
[CHLOE MOANS]
You want a bump?
I never have.
I'll try.
Yeah, fuck me harder.
Heh. No, no, no, no.
No, doll, no. Not like that.
Like this.
You like it like that?
Fuck me harder!
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
Ah, you're hurting me.
[CHLOE SCREAMS]
CHLOE: No! Get off me!
Stop it!
SANCHEZ: Shut the fuck up!
Fucking bitch! CHLOE: Ah!
Oh, my head!
We have combed
the entire building,
reviewed all security footage.
She left absolutely
nothing behind.
But she came.
She walked right
into the lion's den.
He has become a threat to her.
He has been locked
up for 15 years.
He's sick with love.
He is reckless.
And rusty.
He'll make a mistake.
He already did.
He scared her.
I thought this was your day off.
I don't have much
of a social life.
Do you miss being home?
You don't really talk about it.
It must be hard coming to a
new town not knowing anyone.
[GUN CLICKS]
I'm used to being alone.
I'll never get used to it.
Sheriff. Yeah.
You need to get
over to the hospital.
SIOBHAN: Chloe, I'm so sorry
I have to ask these questions.
I'm almost done, okay?
So you and Mr. Sanchez,
being in bed together
was consensual?
Until it got rough.
I did something
wrong and he just...
Chloe, look at me.
You did nothing wrong, okay?
He kicked me and
then he punched me.
I was crawling.
I was trying to get away,
but he... He wouldn't let...
Then he took the
champagne bottle...
[CHLOE SOBBING]
SIOBHAN: Okay.
I'm gonna go, uh, talk
to your nurse, okay?
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
Hey, hey, hey.
We've got nothing.
Even the overflow lot is filled.
You're gonna wanna
try down the way... Hey!
LUCAS: Found a spot.
[CROWD CHATTERING AND
SLOT MACHINES DINGING]
Aah! Yeah.
Oh, crap.
Sheriff Hood.
I've heard about the girl.
How is she?
Well, she looks like
she was hit by a train.
I know this is a
delicate situation,
but I'm going to ask
you to arrest Sanchez
after the fight tomorrow night.
What? Yeah, I
know how it sounds,
but Banshee needs
this fight to happen.
Too many people and
businesses stand to lose if it doesn't.
Are you out of your
mind? That girl...
Hey, deputy, give us a minute.
You're gonna
discuss this... Hey.
You saw what he did.
Calm down right now.
Are you just another one of
Proctor's yes-men now? That it?
"Meet the new boss,
same as the old boss."
Sheriff, I just wanted to
thank you for your discretion.
These things can
always be handled.
"These things"?
So this has happened before?
You know the deal.
Tomorrow I'll go visit the girl.
She'll put on a
show, but ultimately
it always comes down to
the number in their mind
from the moment they
decided to fuck him.
Yeah? Dern, right? Yeah.
Yeah, you need to go somewhere
I can't see you and stay there.
Hey, I mean, come on...
Hood. MAN: Hey, hey.
[MAN GRUNTS THEN CROWD GASPS]
5-0, that was not cool.
Benny was just doing
his job. What the fuck?
You're under arrest
for rape and aggravated assault.
[CROWD MURMURING]
I'm under arrest?
[LAUGHING]
Okay.
Yeah, I'm under
arrest. All right, yeah.
Come and get me.
Sheriff.
[CROWD GASPS]
Gotta watch me.
[LAUGHS]
That's cute. I like that.
Looks like you're
not too smart after all.
This what you wanna do?
[CHUCKLES]
Ladies and gentlemen,
amateur hour.
Let's go.
[CROWD GASPING]
[CROWD MURMURING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
SANCHEZ: Come
on, sheriff, let's go.
Get up, bitch!
[SANCHEZ LAUGHS]
SANCHEZ: Get out of
my way. Move! Move.
Hood.
[CROWD GASPS]
[SANCHEZ SCREAMS]
Get the fuck off of me.
Come on, Champ.
[LUCAS GASPING]
[SANCHEZ LAUGHING]
[SANCHEZ GROWLING]
[SANCHEZ SCREAMS]
[SCREAMS]
[PANTING]
SANCHEZ: Fuck.
LUCAS: You like
hitting little girls?
Huh?
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
You motherfucker!
[CRACKING]
[SCREAMS]
WOMAN: Oh, my God!
[SANCHEZ MOANING]
[BONE CRACKS THEN
SANCHEZ SCREAMS]
[GASPING]
SUGAR: Hood, enough!
[PANTING]
Meet the new boss.
[SIOBHAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[CROWD GASPS]
Sugar here. Come on.
I got you.
All right. Let's walk, hmm?
All right.
So you're just the kind of guy
who makes friends
wherever he goes, huh?
Ha, ha. Yeah, it's all right.
Shit. Just open the door.
[GROANS]
Phew.
Whoa. I always wanted
to drive one of these.
You cost me a referee
gig tonight, brother.
And I could have
used the scratch.
Ha. All righty.
Here we go.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[ICE CRUNCHES]
[ENGINE REVS]
What's going on, Kai?
KAI: He in there?
SUGAR: Yeah,
but, uh, he's
not fit for a visit.
KAI: So now you're
his gatekeeper?
It's okay, Sugar.
It's all right.
You cost a lot of people
a lot of money tonight.
You cost me a lot
of money tonight.
Why don't you take
it up with Sanchez?
Can I help you with
something, Mr. Proctor?
I always had very good relations
with your predecessors.
Yeah, you bought them.
Sometimes laws need
to be bent or broken
for the greater good.
I know you agree with that.
No. No, you know
nothing about me.
Well, clearly not
as much as I should.
There's a lot you
don't know as well.
My family's been
here for 160 years.
I've lived here my entire life.
I am this town.
I helped build it
and I bled for it.
Have you ever loved
anything like that?
I have.
You see, people here
don't always approve
of the way I go about things.
But from what I've
seen since you got here,
you're not very different
from me in that regard.
So what puzzles me
is why you seem to
hold me in such contempt.
I have no contempt for you.
I'm just not afraid of you.
I think maybe you're
not used to that.
See, you call yourself
a businessman
and you dress
well, you speak well,
but you're still nothing
but a petty thug.
You've been doing it so long,
you actually think
it makes sense
to show up here in
the middle of the night
and ask me why you can't own
me like you own everyone else.
That makes you delusional,
which makes you dangerous.
Why would I want to get in
bed with someone like that?
Sheriff, do you know
why they're afraid of me?
Why is that?
Because they should be.
And maybe you should be too.
Why don't you show
me why right now?
Nah.
I haven't given
up on you just yet.
You have a good night.
DERN: You're not
understanding me. He's done.
He's done permanently!
The sheriff fucked
him up really bad.
I wouldn't have believed
it if I hadn't seen it myself.
No, look, look. They
already arrested him.
I'm cutting my fucking losses.
I never should've come
to this jerkwater town.
I gotta call you back.
Mr. Dern. I'm a
little busy here.
I imagine so. I won't
waste your time.
I'm here to pick up the satchel.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
You were paid an
agreed-upon sum of cash
to deliver the fight
to the Kinaho Moon.
Clearly, the fight is off.
And while Mr. Proctor
does not hold
Mr. Sanchez's reckless
behavior against you personally,
he does expect his
money to be returned.
[LAUGHING]
Well, listen to me, little man.
Proctor assured me that
he'd buy us enough time
to pay off that little skank,
so he's the one that
didn't come through.
And as far as the money,
tell him it's the cost
of doing business.
And if he knows
what's good for him,
he'll leave it at that.
Now I'm gonna go finish packing,
so I can get the fuck
out of this shithole!
DERN: What are you doing
here, asshole? I told you that...
What the fuck is that?
Hey, wait. Now, now, don't.
Come on. Just back off.
Hey... Ow. Ahh! Ahh!
Ahh, don't! Stop!
[DERN SCREAMING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[♪♪]